well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
portland again
and manuals um
so yesterday yesterday afternoon in that
video i took some guesses as to
how things were going to play out in the
streets in portland
what the response to the federal
government's actions
was going to be i said it was going to
strengthen the hand of those in the
streets and that for
every person they snatched it would
bring 10 more to the cause
that's what happened according to the
live streamers who have been covering it
their estimation is the crowd size
doubled
i don't have a crystal ball i read the
manual i said that yesterday
and i found out last night by the time
you watched this
that um people thought i was being
sarcastic
or metaphorical no i'm dead serious
100 literal here there's a manual
on this it is fm 3-2-4
the portion in question that we were
talking about yesterday as far as
provoking a response
that's covered in chapter 4 paragraph
43 ish somewhere in there
and that's how that's how these books
are laid out
it will be it'll be 4 dash 43 maybe 42.
that's how you'll find it it's a
military manual you can download it for
free
at archive.org or fas.org which is
federation of american scientists
this is an incredibly valuable resource
because yes
it has stuff like this you can download
manuals about this type of stuff
the military is a massive organization
though
they need people to do everything and
they have manuals
for everything so if you wanted a book
about
carpentry they've got it
if you want to know how to drive a
bulldozer they've got it
it is a massive non-fiction section
if you were to combine that with
the gutenberg project and librivox you
have an
entire public library
it's a it's an amazing resource it's
something that everybody should tap into
even if you
don't think you have any interest in
anything the military will publish a
manual on
go check it out i bet there's something
there you want to read
everything from medical texts there's
it's just tons
the list is endless so definitely take a
look
and you already paid for it your tax
dollars developed this
wrote the manuals and put it out there
there's no reason you shouldn't have
access to it
okay so what's going to happen in
portland next
it all depends on the federal government
and what they do hopefully they're going
to read their own manual
and realize they're making critical
errors
those who are in this field who
understand this stuff well they don't
agree on anything
they really don't it's constant
arguments
however they all agree on this
you don't give them a security clampdown
you do not provide a security clampdown
in an area
where a movement has popular support all
you do
is escalate things that's it
it never works it's in the book
now the manual that i gave you there
that's 101
that's introduction level
when you see the title of it
you'll understand how important it is
for the federal government to
change their tune because that's where
this can take us
you know these type of movements can
spin out of control very quickly
and it can go to a whole other level it
can get really bad and i know there's
people right now saying it is really bad
no it's not it's uncomfortable
it can get really bad if it's mishandled
currently it is being mishandled
it will continue to
inflame tensions
if they don't start following their own
books
their own advice their own strategies
which really at this point because
this has matured through the cycle the
only option
is to a wait and hope that it burns out
or b bring them to the table
and listen to what they want those are
the only two choices
it's escalated through mismanagement
too far now because if
they continue down the road that they're
on
it's going to be the title of that book
and nobody wants that
um i think the only thing
that occurred that wasn't in the manual
was the young woman and
the mask and only the mask
that decided to face down
law enforcement last night that was a
surprise
but everything else is in the manual
but definitely check out those resources
check out archive.org
fas.org librivox and
project gutenberg you can build an
entire library
for nothing it's worth the time
to take a look at it anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night